### Parsing Gazebo for FEAGI
#### Lukas Finn, Timothy Marshall, Brenden Vaccaro, Benson Beck
During this semester, our team has worked on enabling FEAGI's artificial general intelligence (AGI) to control a wide variety of robotic simulations that originate from Gazebo, a robotics simulation software platform designed for simulating the control of robots and their environments.	We created a parsing program to convert simulation data from Gazebo into a readable format for FEAGI to configure and interpret so that their AGI can successfully control the simulation's robots.
# Using FEAGI With Gazebo
Our team was focused on creating a parsing program that converts Gazebo SDF files into readable JSON output to be used by the FEAGI Configurator, which will then generate necessary data for the Gazebo Controller. Gazebo allows for the use of many different inputs/sensors and outputs/actuators in their simulations, and all simulation data is stored in SDF files. The formatting of the data in these SDF files are not uniform, as projects will have different goals and types of robots. In order for the FEAGI Configurator to understand any given simulation, it needs to be fed a standardized JSON format. We successfully created a parser that adapts to simulations of all kinds and produces a proper JSON configuration tree that the Configurator can use to produce a JSON listing capabilities for the Gazebo Controller.
# Development of the Parser
The Configuration Parser is a python program that uses an XML Element Tree library called lxml to convert a Structured Data File, or SDF, into a uniform JSON configuration file. The program works by using a list of allowed xml elements as well as elements that should be skipped and mapping them onto specific FEAGI device types. 

The first milestone that the team was given was to familiarize ourselves with the formatting of SDF files and test out configurations on the Gazebo Simulator so that we are able to understand how the parsed files should function in the future. 

The next milestone given to the team was to create the configuration parser. In order to complete this milestone, the team needed to first create a list of mappings from xml elements to FEAGI devices, and parse through the SDF file to find data relating to each element. After a mapping was created and the program was able to find the needed elements, the team was tasked with properly nesting the elements in the JSON configuration file to allow for better funcitonality within the FEAGI controller. 
# Experience Along the Way
*talking about our experience and challenges we used - maybe use 'mylist incident' section from midterm report as inspiration*
